You are a bargain
I still want to lift this 500 kilograms for ten years
I think you are played too much by men.
Play with your brain
Hahahaha
Are you really alone?
I actually let a woman compete with me
What a bunch of trash
It is good that Zhao Ruolan has this heart
But it's a girl after all
How can it be possible to lift these 500 kilograms for ten years?
Yes!
The record for the women's Olympic weightlifting champion is 450 kilograms
It's still a long way from 500kg
Who says women are inferior to men?
Against you Fuso people
I am a woman
Enough is enough
Since you're going to humiliate yourself
Then I will fulfill you
Bargain, don't blame me for not being kind to remind you.
Even if you want to sell it
You have to have a good waist
Otherwise I'll be like your useless dad
Even if it is sold, it cannot be sold at a good price.
That's better than your pheasant
It is better to post money and sell it to Bodhisattvas
You hum
Don't talk nonsense with them
Don't you want to marry?
What are you still doing?
Hurry up
I'd like to see how your Zhao Ka-shing ends up
I will not marry this